README.md, before:

# Tech
use django and drf for backend
use react.js or vue.js for frontend
database roadmap is here

## TODO
- [ ] Reactify/Vueify the project
- [ ] Add Drf
- [ ] make it search engine friendly
- [x] comment system
    - [x] make the reply work
    - [x] customize comment form template
    - [x] customize the comment list template
    - [ ] send notification to user when replay to the comment
- [x] create category page and show the categorys
- [x] fix the footer problem
- [x] simple search for searching the posts in blog
- [x] change the mobile view hamburger menu icon
- [x] add scroll back to top
- [ ] make the TechWithOmid text link to home page in mobile view
- [ ] make category page beautiful
- [ ] customize admin panel 
    - [x] customize fields
    - [x] fix ckeditor - make it resposiable
    - [ ] customize template
- [x] create there is no post here for category page
- [ ] create 404, 500 page and other error pages
- [x] force social media link to open in new tap
- [x] create telegram link
- [x] add verbose name for models 
- [x] add bootstrap cdn and remove downloaded files
- [x] contact me
- [x] fix humberger menu
- [x] create post
- [x] delete post
- [x] draft post
- [x] add category
- [x] add pagination
    - [x] make the pagination better (show the page numbers)
    - [ ] after 10 post show *more* btn for and 5 more post

Commit message:

make defualt db postgresql and add some change for dark mode feature

README.md, after:

# Tech
use django and drf for backend
use react.js or vue.js for frontend
database roadmap is here

## TODO
- [ ] Reactify/Vueify the project
- [ ] Add Drf
- [ ] make it search engine friendly
- [ ] create 404, 500 page and other error pages
- [ ] create volume and use mysql or postgresql as db
- [ ] create dark mode and light mode feature
- [x] comment system
    - [x] make the reply work
    - [x] customize comment form template
    - [x] customize the comment list template
    - [ ] send notification to user when replay to the comment
- [x] create category page and show the categorys
- [x] fix the footer problem
- [x] simple search for searching the posts in blog
- [x] change the mobile view hamburger menu icon
- [x] add scroll back to top
- [ ] make the TechWithOmid text link to home page in mobile view
- [ ] make category page beautiful
- [ ] customize admin panel 
    - [x] customize fields
    - [x] fix ckeditor - make it resposiable
    - [ ] customize template
- [x] create there is no post here for category page
- [x] force social media link to open in new tap
- [x] create telegram link
- [x] add verbose name for models 
- [x] add bootstrap cdn and remove downloaded files
- [x] contact me
- [x] fix humberger menu
- [x] create post
- [x] delete post
- [x] draft post
- [x] add category
- [x] add pagination
    - [x] make the pagination better (show the page numbers)
    - [ ] after 10 post show *more* btn for and 5 more post
